README.md, before:

# make-python

This is an example Python app that allows a user to engage with the Root Insurance API via a Slack bot.

The app makes use of the official [Slack Developer Kit for Python](https://github.com/slackapi/python-slackclient) package, specifically the [Real Time Messaging](http://slackapi.github.io/python-slackclient/real_time_messaging.html) WebSocket-based api.

### Getting set up

The example app was developed using Python 3.6 but should work with all versions of Python 3. Changing the code for python 2.7 compatability shouldn't be too much work.

We recommend using an environment manager to set up an isolated python environment for this app. We use [virtualenv](https://virtualenv.pypa.io/en/stable/) but others will also do (`conda`, if you're using an anacondas python installation).

The examples below are for `virtualenv` on a but shouldn't be too different for other operating systems (unless you're using Windows - then you're on your own) and environment managers.

#### Clone the repo
```sh
$ git clone git@github.com:Offerzen/make-python.git
$ cd make-python
```

#### Set up and activate your environment
```sh
$ virtualenv -p /usr/local/bin/python3 make-python
$ source make-python/bin/activate
```

#### Install the requirements
```sh
$ pip install -r requirements.txt
```

#### Set up the environment variables

Settings are in the settings/settings.py file

`SLACK_API_TOKEN`: Your slackbot's API token

`SANDBOX`: SANDBOX Yes/No aka NO is live!!

`ROOT_APP_ID`: Your Root app ID

`ROOT_APP_SECRET`: Your Root app's api key/ secret key

The following environment variables are optional for the app:

`SLACK_API_TOKEN`: Your slackbot's API token

`ROOT_APP_ID`: Your Root app's id

`ROOT_APP_SECRET`: Your root app's secret key

### Sandbox auth

Sandbox auth requires basic auth in the format username(apikey):password("") ex: "sandbox_apikey: "
### TODO

* Generic Root Request method
* Break out api endpoints into classes
* RootException on requests
* Break out project into proper module structure
* setup.py for lib install

#### Run the app
```sh
$ python run.py
```

Commit message:

Add some documentation re. tests in the readme

README.md, after:

# make-python

This is an example Python app that allows a user to engage with the Root Insurance API via a Slack bot.

The app makes use of the official [Slack Developer Kit for Python](https://github.com/slackapi/python-slackclient) package, specifically the [Real Time Messaging](http://slackapi.github.io/python-slackclient/real_time_messaging.html) WebSocket-based api.

### Getting set up

The example app was developed using Python 3.6 but should work with all versions of Python 3. Changing the code for python 2.7 compatability shouldn't be too much work.

We recommend using an environment manager to set up an isolated python environment for this app. We use [virtualenv](https://virtualenv.pypa.io/en/stable/) but others will also do (`conda`, if you're using an anacondas python installation).

The examples below are for `virtualenv` on a but shouldn't be too different for other operating systems (unless you're using Windows - then you're on your own) and environment managers.

#### Clone the repo
```sh
$ git clone git@github.com:Offerzen/make-python.git
$ cd make-python
```

#### Set up and activate your environment
```sh
$ virtualenv -p /usr/local/bin/python3 make-python
$ source make-python/bin/activate
```

#### Install the requirements
```sh
$ pip install -r requirements.txt
```

#### Set up the environment variables

Settings are in the settings/settings.py file

`SLACK_API_TOKEN`: Your slackbot's API token

`SANDBOX`: SANDBOX Yes/No aka NO is live!!

`ROOT_APP_ID`: Your Root app ID

`ROOT_APP_SECRET`: Your Root app's api key/ secret key

The following environment variables are optional for the app:

`SLACK_API_TOKEN`: Your slackbot's API token

`ROOT_APP_ID`: Your Root app's id

`ROOT_APP_SECRET`: Your root app's secret key

#### Running the tests

The tests are still red at the moment (unless the settings file is updated).

```sh
$ pytest
```

### Sandbox auth

Sandbox auth requires basic auth in the format username(apikey):password("") ex: "sandbox_apikey: "
### TODO

* Generic Root Request method
* Break out api endpoints into classes
* RootException on requests
* Break out project into proper module structure
* setup.py for lib install
* Mock web requests in tests

#### Run the app
```sh
$ python run.py
```
